Release '0.16.0' (#419)
redhat-developer/yaml-language-server: CHANGELOG.md

### 0.16.0

> - CodeAction to open json schema [#395](https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server/pull/395)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CodeAction to open json schema from yaml error [#395](https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server/pull/395)
```
This is just a nitpick so you don't have to change it, I just think the more context we can give in the changelog the better

- Upgrade to `4.0.2` vscode-json-languageservice  [#405](https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server/issues/405)

> - feat: add multiple schema deletions [#397](https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server/pull/397)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: add ability to delete all schemas from cache [#397](https://github.com/redhat-developer/yaml-language-server/pull/397)
```
This is just another nitpick
